Where is he now?
Help! Help!
Let me go!
It’s Wu Tai!
Wu Tai!
Are you okay?
It’s me! Are you hurt?
I’ll take you to the hospital.
I’m fine,
they didn’t really touch me,
just scared me a bit.
I’m sorry, I dragged you into this.
Lingling, don’t think like that,
it’s not your fault,
it’s that bastard Hou Jiuling’s fault.
Wu Tai, let’s break up.
No, Lingling,
I won’t agree to break up.
Let’s go to the police.
Go to the police? Hou Jiuling killed
so many people in Bangkok
and walked away unscathed to Italy.
Just how powerful is he?
Can the police even catch him?
Lingling, we can’t go to the police.
I’m afraid if the police can’t convict him,
then,
he’ll come back to retaliate against us.
Lingling, Italy isn’t actually
as chaotic as you think.
The police and government’s
enforcement is quite strong.
Today, Hou Jiuling kidnapped me,
which is a crime in itself.
Lingling, trust me,
if I go testify,
we can definitely get him convicted.